=Peter Westbrook Foundation Registation and Admin Site

This repo is the the source code for the Peter Westbrook Foundation's (PWF) student registration and programs management website. 

The application is a standard Ruby on Rails application that tarets two different sets of users: Parents of students enrolled the the PWF's programs and PWF staff.

Parents access the site via the main (parent) portal: http://peterwestbrook-aep.herokuapp.com.
PWF staff and admins typically login to the admin portal: http://peterwestbrook-aep.herokuapp.com/admin

== Parent Portal
==== Main Features
The parent portal allows parents to register for the PWF Saturday Fencing program and the Academic Enrichment Program.  Below is a list of the main features available.

1. Parents may register themselves with the PwF and then Enroll one or more children in the program.

2. Parents can freely edit student's permanent information such as name, age, dob, etc as well as information such as current school, current grade etc which changes with each enrollment season.

3. Parents must pay an enrollment fee for both the Fencing program. An additonally registration fee is required to enroll in the Academic Enrichment Program. Parents may pay the fee securely by credit card online.

4. Parents may upload report cards when due. The uploader supports pdf, png, jpg files. 

== Admin Portal
==== Main Features

The backend uses a customized ActiveAdmin interface as the backend.  The backed supports all the CRUD operations for the various models in the system e.g. students, parents, etc.

In addition to the basc CRUD operations the backend admin also provides an attendance management feaure and a report card grade management feature. 

== System Setup
The core of the system is a generic Ruby on Rails 5 application with the following high-level dependencies:

=== Storage
* PostgresSql: Main Datastore
* Redis: Used by ActiveJob for queueing background processes

=== Frontend
* Twitter Bootstrap
* JQuery
* VueJs

=== Integrations
* Stripe: Payment Processing
* AWS: File Storage

=== Deployment
* Heroku
